[1]	Purpose

	The FEM program solves LAPLACE'S equation on a square domain
	using the finite element method.
	The set of algebraic residual equations is formed using
	GALERKIN's method.
	Linear basis functions are used to approximate the unknowns.
	The produced residuals are nonlinear. Therefore, NEWTON's method
	is employed to find the solution iteratively.
	At each iteration the correction vector for the solution
	is found by GAUSSIAN elimination of the matrix equation J.  =R.

[2]	Global variables definitions

	NXEL Number of elements in the x direction.

	NYEL Number of elements in the y direction.

	NNX Number of nodes in the x direction (NNX=NXEL+1).

	NNY Number of nodes in the y direction (NNY=NYEL+1).

	NNTOL Total number of elements (NNTOL=NXEL*NYEL).

	NODTOL Total number of nodes (NODTOL=NNX*NNY).

	NM(4) Node numbers of element i.

	IBAND Band width of the jacobian matrix.

	NUC Number of upper columns in the jacobian matrix.

	NLC Number of lower columns in the jacobian matrix.

	NRHS Number of right hand sides.

	AXIS Length of the X axis.

	BXIS Length of the Y axis.

	XFACT Grading coeffecient of elements in the X direction.

	YFACT Grading coeffecient of elements in the Y direction.

	NINT1 Number of GAUSSIAN integration points.

	GAPT(NINT1) Values of the integration points.

	WO(NINT1) Weighting functions used in GAUSSIAN integration.

	BFN(4,NINT1*NINT1) Bilinear basis functions evaluated at the
	integration points.

	DBFC(4,NINT1*NINT1) Dervatives of basis functions in transformed
	coordinates (C,E) with respect to C coordinate.

	DBFE(4,NINT1*NINT1) Dervatives of basis functions in transformed
	coordinates (C,E) with respect to E coordinate.

	DPDX(4) Dervatives of basis functions in (X,Y) coordinates
	with respect to X coordinate.

	DPDY(4) Dervatives of basis functions in (X,Y) coordinates
	with respect to Y coordinate.

	XX The value of X evaluated at the integration point.

	YY The value of Y evaluated at the integration point.

	AJAC Jacobian of transformation from C,E to X,Y coordinates.

	TF(2,NINT1) Linear basis functions used for line integrals.

	DTF(2,NINT1) Dervatives of TF(2,NINT1).

	A(NODTOL,IBAND) Matrix A contains derviatives of the residuals
	with respect to the dependent variable T(NODTOL). Matrix A is
	a banded matrix; its order is NODTOL and band width is IBAND.

	B(NODTOL,NRHS) Residuals vector of length NODTOL.

	T(NODTOL) Solution vector of length NODTOL.

	X(NODTOL) X coordinate mesh points vector of length NODTOL.

	Y(NODTOL) Y coordinate mesh points vector of length NODTOL.

	DET Determinant of the jacobian matrix.

	NITER Total number of iterations for NEWTON method.

	ERROR Convergence criteria for NEWTONS iterations.

	C1,...C10 Parameters used in the governing equations
	and boundary conditions.

[3]	Routines and local variables definitions.

	1-CP(The control program)

	Function: CP is the control program that handles input output data,
	calls to other FEM routines. The program can be divided as
	follows:

	(1) Open input/output data files.
	(2) Read and write input parameters and initial guess.
	(3) Initialize domain and line basis functions.
	(4) Calculate the mesh points.
	(5) Form the jacobian matrix and the residuals vector.
	(6) Solve the matrix equation, update solution, and check convergence.
	(7) Write output results.

	2-SUBROUTINE DOMI

	The subroutine DOMI integrates the governing equations using the
	Guassian integration method. Integration is made on a local scale
	from one element to another. Element integration matrices are
	then restored in the global Jacobian matrix A and residuals vector B.

	Local variables :

	TEMP(4,4) Working area used to store element integrals
	for the Jacobian matrix.

	TEMP1(4) Working area used to store element integrals
	for the residuals equations.

	3-SUBROUTINE BOUND

	Subroutine bound inserts boundary conditions contribution in
	the Jacobian matrix A and the residuals vector B. Insertion
	is carried seperately on each boundary. Also, insertion is made
	first on elements scale then is stored in the global matrices.

	Local variables :

	P(2,2) Working area used to store boundary line integrals
	for the Jacobian matrix.

	R(2) Working area used to store boundary line integrals
	for the residuals vector.

	N(2) Node numbers of the boundary segments.

	4-SUBROUTINE MESH

	Subroutine MESH calculate the mehs points at each node. The
	subroutine is also designed to pack the elements in one direction
	through varying the variables XFACT and YFACT.

	5-SUBROUTINE NNUM(I,J)

	Subroutine nnum finds the node number of node I,J

	6-SUBROUTINE BASIS(ITYPE,IG,C,E)

	Local variables definitions:
	ITYPE This variable has to values
	1) on initialization of basis functions and derivatives
	   in transformed coordinates it should have the value of 1.
	   These derivatives are used repeatedly by the integration
	   procedure without updating as long as the integration
	   points remains constant.

	2) In this case the subroutine evaluates the dervatives
	   of the basis functions evaluated in the X and Y coordinates.
	   Also it evaluates the jacobian of transformation, the values
	   of X and Y coordinates at the integration points in element i.

	IG Specifies the number of the Gaussian integration point

	C,E Values of the integration points in transformed coordinates.

	7-SUBROUTINE BAND

	Banded matrix solver (same as BANSOL).


